1. For client applications to be able to communicate with our resource server, they will need to include

    a valid access token that was generated by the authorization server and to configure our resource server
    
    to validate the access token.
    
    With the authorization server, we will need to add one property to our application properties file. 
    
    So the property is:
    
    
    spring.security.oauth2.resourceserver.jwt.issuer-uri = http://localhost:8080/realms/adjoda-dev-realm


Spring security will use this property and the value of your right that we provide here to discover
the authorization service public keys and to validate the access token signature.

The client application that was used to acquire an access token that is being validated must be registered
with this Keycloak.


2. Another way to configure resource server to validate the access token with the authorization server is to use the following property.

        spring.security.oauth2.resourceserver.jwt.jwk-set-uri= http://localhost:8080/realms/adjoda-dev-realm/protocol/openid-connect/certs

3. Important

   So we can use either issuer, Uri or set Uri in our application properties.

   We can use either one of these and we can use even both of them at the same time.
4. Role and Authority 
   A role is a collection of authorities
   In Spring framework, there is not much difference between a role and authority

   And technically, Spring Framework does not offer an API to separately create user role and then to

   add to that user role a list of different authorities and spring security rules and authorities are
   
   in the single list.
   
   We can keep roles and authorities separately in a database, but when we read them from a database,
   
   we put them into a single list and it then becomes a single collection of granted authorities.
   
         Authority name = Role Name = ROLE_ADMIN
         hasRole("ADMIN") is quivalent to hasAuthority("ROLE_ADMIN")
5. How to acquire an Access Token
   For a client application to acquire access token from an identity provider server, it will
   need to perform one of OAuth authorization flows, and during these steps user will need to authenticate.
   6. Run application and pass instanceId as command line argument


         mvn spring-boot:run "-Dspring-boot.run.arguments=--instanceId=adjoda"